[OSDOCS-7645]: Remove Note Regarding Inability to Delete Default Machine Pool, other MP updates (#64189)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/creating-a-machine-pool.adoc

[id="creating_a_machine_pool_{context}"]
= Creating a machine pool

A machine pool is created when you install a {product-title} (ROSA) cluster. After installation, you can create additional machine pools for your cluster by using {cluster-manager} or the ROSA CLI (`rosa`).
[NOTE]
====

> For users of ROSA CLI `rosa` version 1.2.25 and prior versions, the machine pool created along with the cluster is identified as `Default`. For users of ROSA CLI  `rosa` version 1.2.26 and beyond, the machine pool created along with the cluster is identified as `worker`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For users of ROSA CLI `rosa` version 1.2.25 and earlier versions, the machine pool created along with the cluster is identified as `Default`. For users of ROSA CLI  `rosa` version 1.2.26 and later, the machine pool created along with the cluster is identified as `worker`.
```
